# Use Case Description

Our application is a calendar that has the added functionality of tracking time and displaying statistics to its users. The goal of the system is to provide functionality for general time and task management. The application is targeted towards both casual users who want to use basic features, as well as experienced users who use advanced features such as graph customization. To fulfill this goal, the calendar allows basic features such as adding, removing, and editing events. Additionally, it enables time tracking by featuring timed events (in the form of a timer or stopwatch) that can be linked to specified activities. To give users further insight into their time usage, the application also provides a dynamic statistical overview to help optimize one's schedule. 

The application features two main views. In the calendar view, the user can interact with any event or with the timed events. One can easily add events, modify them, and start a time-tracked session, all within this panel. In the second view, the statistical display, the user can filter the data that is shown. The statistical overview provides all the tools the user needs to get an accurate assessment of how they spend their time, whether it is filtering by event category or modifying different graphs and charts.

Note that we do not target one specific audience; all kinds of users may use the application. The users themselves decide how much functionality they want to use. One such example would be two students using the application. One student can decide to only use the application for adding, removing, and editing events, totally ignoring the statistical overview functionality. While the other student can choose to fully make use of the statistical overview functionality and to always use the stopwatch feature while studying.